API (#1)
Setono/SyliusLagersystemPlugin: README.md

```

> #### (optional) Install additional plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install additional plugins (optional)
```

    - { resource: "@SetonoSyliusLagersystemPlugin/Resources/config/app/config.yaml" }    
````

### Step 3: Override repositories

Like it was done at:

- [tests/Application/Repository](tests/Application/Repository)
- [tests/Application/config/packages/_sylius.yaml](tests/Application/config/packages/_sylius.yaml)

## Notes

- We assume that product variant's shipping weight stored in kilos at database.
- Lagersystem API returns its weight in grams

> - Not tracked product variant's onHand property is always have 1 at Lagersystem API response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product variants that are not tracked will have an `onHand` value of `1` in the API response
```
